[GPU]Xetla support MTL (#176)
intel/neural-speed: examples/CMakeLists.txt

include_directories(${CMAKE_SOURCE_DIR})

# Creates a separate device code module for each SYCL* kernel

> # so that kernel for XeHpg and Xe will be JIT separately

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# so that kernel for XeHpc, XeHpg, and XeLpg will be JIT separately
```

or 

```suggestion
# so that kernel for different device architectures will be JIT separately
```
